Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/import/index.mdx

---

> page_title: Import existing infrastructure resources overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Import existing infrastructure resources
```

description: >-

>   The Terraform import features let you import and manage existing infrastructure resources so that you can begin managing your infrastructure as code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Terraform lets you import existing infrastructure into state so that you can begin managing your infrastructure as code.
```

---

> # Import existing resources overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Import existing resources 
```
